if you knew that i am german speaker working in the industry of customer service for about 5 years 2 years working as csa at amazon germany with the mentioned job description above and 3 years as German speaking M365 Technical Advisor with the following job description • Use the troubleshooting knowledge and tools required to fix customer issue • Approach the customer to get insight on the customer business needs in order to help customers start using all workloads and products acquired with the ultimate goal of increasing workload usage and to increasing the number of licenses and workloads consumed by the Small Business. • Provide step by step guidance and assistance to these customers to achieve their goals using Microsoft 365 subscriptions and workloads. That would be to help design and architect Microsoft 365 workload solutions to the customer on top of resolving their technical support requests. • Provide technical support to customers via phone, email, or chat, and resolve technical issues related to Microsoft 365 products and services. • Identify and troubleshoot connectivity problems, application errors, and security concerns related to Microsoft 365. • Educate customers on the use of Microsoft 365 products and services, and provide guidance on best practices for improving productivity and collaboration. • Help customers to evaluate the potential benefits of a permanent subscription by providing personalized recommendations based on their business needs and use cases. • Advise customers on the different subscription plans and features available, and help them to choose the plan that best meets their needs and budget. • Guide customers through the process of upgrading from a trial subscription to a permanent subscription, including providing step-by-step instructions and troubleshooting any technical issues that may arise. • Keep up-to-date with the latest updates and enhancements to Microsoft 365, and communicate these changes to customers as appropriate. • Document technical issues and solutions in a knowledge base for future reference. • Collaborate with other technical support engineers and cross-functional teams to resolve complex technical issues.